Closes #2138 Update messaging overview docs (#2391)
Bears-R-Us/arkouda: training/MESSAGING_OVERVIEW.md

It is important the Chapel function is formatted correctly or the server will not compile. The expected formatting for a `serverFunctionMsg` is:
```chapel
proc serverFunctionMsg(cmd: string, msgArgs: borrowed MessageArgs, st: borrowed SymTab): MsgTuple throws {}
```

The parameters in this function each server a specific purpose:
- `cmd` is the command string used to access this function. It is used mostly for debugging as the `cmd` string used to access the function will be captured in the logger messages.

> - `msgArgs` contains parameters required for the message processing. The information about the number of arguements is bundled and will be pared accordingly with the denoted passed types. Individual arguements will need to be extracted on the server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `msgArgs` contains parameters required for the message processing. The information about the number of arguements is bundled and will be paired accordingly with the denoted passed types. Individual arguements will need to be extracted on the server side.

```

Reviewer 2: just adding on that there's a typo in `arguements`

> - `msgArgs` is the recieved information that the client passes as a `repMsg`. The information about the number of arguements ia bundled and will be pared accordingly with the denoted passed types. Individual arguements will need to be extracted on the server side.

Reviewer: `repMsg` is not entirely correct here. I would state that it contains parameters required for the message processing instead.

- `st: borrowed SymTab` is a reference parameter to the Server's Symbol Table. The Symbol Table acts like Arkouda's database; storing all information related to a data structure that can then be referenced from the Client without having to pass large amounts of data back and forth.

> All messages sent to the server are in JSON format. Before any arguments sent from the client can be used, they must be parsed. Each message arguement that is sent to the server needs to be parsed into its own variable to be accessed, using a Map that can then be accessed using accessor methods. The most common of these accessor methods is `getValueOf(argName)` which will return the value of an argument that matches the provided name.

Reviewer: The parsing now happens automatically, so I am not sure we want to indicate this to the user. I would state that the JSON sent to the server is used to generate a MessageArgs object. That object maps the parameter name to the value. The values are always strings, but functions are provided to access it as the correct type for processing.

> All messages sent to the server are in JSON format. The JSON message sent to the server is used to generate a MessageArgs object and will be parsed automatically. These objects map the parameter name to the value using accessor methods. The values are always strings, but functions are provided to access it as the correct type for processing. The most common of these accessor methods is `getValueOf(argName)` which will return the value of an argument that matches the provided name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All messages sent to the server are in JSON format. The JSON message sent to the server is used to generate a MessageArgs object automatically. These objects map the parameter name to the value using accessor methods. The values are always strings, but functions are provided to access it as the correct type for processing. The most common of these accessor methods is `getValueOf(argName)` which will return the value of an argument that matches the provided name.

```

> For example, assuming the server request in the above section is what is being received, there are two arguments in the JSON, `arg1` and `arg2`. To access these arguments in Chapel, we will parse the messageinto a variable called `msgArgs`. Then using the `getValueOf()` accessor method, we will set variables `arg1` and `arg2` equal to the values of their corresponding JSON arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, assuming the server request in the above section is what is being received, there are two arguments in the JSON, `arg1` and `arg2`. To access these arguments in Chapel, we will parse the message into a variable called `msgArgs`. Then using the `getValueOf()` accessor method, we will set variables `arg1` and `arg2` equal to the values of their corresponding JSON arguments.

```

I think we also should highlight how `int` and other type args can be accessed as that type.

Reviewer: New suggestion made here. Resolving.

> For example, assuming the server request in the above section is what is being received, there are two arguments in the JSON, `arg1` and `arg2`. To access these arguments in Chapel, we will parse the messageinto a variable called `msgArgs`. Then using the `getValueOf()` accessor method, we will set variables `arg1` and `arg2` equal to the values of their corresponding JSON arguments. These arguments can be accessed as their respective types, int and other type args.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, assuming the server request in the above section is what is being received, there are two arguments in the JSON, `arg1` and `arg2`. To access these arguments in Chapel, we will  use the `msgArgs` variable that is automatically generated. Then using the `getValueOf()` accessor method, we will set variables `arg1` and `arg2` equal to the values of their corresponding JSON arguments. These arguments can be accessed as their respective types, int and other type args.

```

Reviewer 2: I think the last line should be reworded or removed. `int and other type args` just doesn't read write to me

It is important the Chapel function is formatted correctly or the server will not compile. The expected formatting for a `serverFunctionMsg` is:
```chapel
proc serverFunctionMsg(cmd: string, msgArgs: borrowed MessageArgs, st: borrowed SymTab): MsgTuple throws {}
```

The parameters in this function each server a specific purpose:
- `cmd` is the command string used to access this function. It is used mostly for debugging as the `cmd` string used to access the function will be captured in the logger messages.

> - `msgArgs` contains parameters required for the message processing. The information about the number of arguements is bundled and will be paired accordingly with the denoted passed types. Individual arguments will need to be extracted on the server side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `msgArgs` contains parameters required for the message processing. The information about the number of arguments is bundled and will be paired accordingly with the denoted passed types. Individual arguments will need to be extracted on the server side.
```
